revise unconf page to include Hopin details, advice from doc handout (#1302)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/portland/2020/unconference.rst

Here are a few ideas for how to structure an unconf session, borrowed from `Scott Berkun's post on unconference sessions <http://scottberkun.com/2006/how-to-run-a-great-unconference-session/>`__:

-  **Group discussion** - Pick a topic and facilitate a group discussion.
-  **The semi-talk** - Use a short presentation to lead into a group discussion on a topic.
-  **Show and tell** - Show off your latest project, a new tool, or anything else you are excited about.
-  **Presentation** - Because sessions are meant to be small and inclusive, this is a difficult format to lead a session with. The conference is virtual, so you can share your screen, but expect more interaction from others joining the session, and break often for questions and discussion.

Lead a session
--------------

To lead an unconf session, propose a topic and pick a time; unconf sessions are scheduled for the same time slots as talks on the main stage. 

> Sessions take place in Hopin, but you propose a session by adding your topic to a timeslot and table number in the  [Unconference sign-up sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HPAXim5gkPmwhANJwngWcg1d09KHqOj3vILn5Tc5V9A/edit#gid=1493675134).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sessions take place in Hopin, but you propose a session by adding your topic to a timeslot and table number in the  `Unconference sign-up sheet <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HPAXim5gkPmwhANJwngWcg1d09KHqOj3vILn5Tc5V9A/edit#gid=1493675134>`__.
```

* Whenever it starts within your allotted time slot is the right time. People might come and go during the session and that’s ok! If you are worried about lack of attendance, see the previous tip. 

* Whatever happens is the only thing that could have happened. Even though the session starts out with a topic, keep an open mind to the discussions that occur, and you might end up with a totally different outcome.

* When it’s over, it’s over. The time slots help organize the sessions, but you can finish early if that's how things develop. If a group of you wants to continue the conversation after your time slot is over, you can organize your own session in Hopin, but be aware that it won't appear on the Hopin schedule, so it's up to the group that wants to keep talking to make sure everyone winds up in the right session.

Attend a session
----------------

> * Starting Monday morniing, check the [Unconference schedule](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HPAXim5gkPmwhANJwngWcg1d09KHqOj3vILn5Tc5V9A/edit#gid=1493675134) to see whether there are any sessions you want to join. New sessions are added all the time, so check back periodically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Starting Monday morning, check the `Unconference sign-up sheet <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HPAXim5gkPmwhANJwngWcg1d09KHqOj3vILn5Tc5V9A/edit#gid=1493675134>`__ to see whether there are any sessions you want to join. New sessions are added all the time, so check back periodically.
```
